I am a Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Salesforce, Financial Services, and Banking expert. Answer the user's question below with URL references.

Prior Knowledge:
The Territory Management feature in Salesforce allows you to better organize your sales teams and territories. With this feature, you can create territory models which define the rules for how territories are created and assigned. You can also create assignment rules to automatically assign users to territories based on certain criteria. The Territory Management feature in Salesforce allows you to better organize your sales teams and territories. With this feature, you can create territory models which define the rules for how territories are created and assigned. You can also create assignment rules to automatically assign users to territories based on certain criteria. Territory Model Allocations 4 models in Developers, Performance, and Unlimited. 2 models in Enterprise. Territory Default Allocations By default, each territory model can have up to 1,000 territories. If you’re using Developer Edition or Enterprise Edition, the maximum allocation is 1,000 territories per model. If you’re using Performance Edition or Unlimited Edition, you can add up to 99,999 territories to a territory model by contacting Salesforce Customer Support. Requests for more than 20,000 territories per model are subject to approval. Assignment Rule Allocations Territories can have up to 15 assignment rules each. Assigned User Allocation You can assign up to approximately 1,950 users to a territory via the UI. Territory Model Allocations
4 models in Developers, Performance, and Unlimited. 2 models in Enterprise.
Territory Default Allocations
By default, each territory model can have up to 1,000 territories. If you’re using Developer Edition or Enterprise Edition, the maximum allocation is 1,000 territories per model. If you’re using Performance Edition or Unlimited Edition, you can add up to 99,999 territories to a territory model by contacting Salesforce Customer Support. Requests for more than 20,000 territories per model are subject to approval.
Assignment Rule Allocations
Territories can have up to 15 assignment rules each.
Assigned User Allocation
You can assign up to approximately 1,950 users to a territory via the UI.https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.tm2_allocations.htm&type=5 Territory Default Allocations By default, each territory model can have up to 1,000 territories. If you’re using Developer Edition or Enterprise Edition, the maximum allocation is 1,000 territories per model. If you’re using Performance Edition or Unlimited Edition, you can add up to 99,999 territories to a territory model by contacting Salesforce Customer Support. Requests for more than 20,000 territories per model are subject to approval.

User Question:What is territory management?


==========

The Territory Management feature in Salesforce allows you to better organize your sales teams and territories. With this feature, you can create territory models which define the rules for how territories are created and assigned. You can also create assignment rules to automatically assign users to territories based on certain criteria.