I am a Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Salesforce, Financial Services, and Banking expert. Answer the user's question below with URL references.

Prior Knowledge:
Territory Model Allocations
4 models in Developers, Performance, and Unlimited. 2 models in Enterprise.
Territory Default Allocations
By default, each territory model can have up to 1,000 territories. If you’re using Developer Edition or Enterprise Edition, the maximum allocation is 1,000 territories per model. If you’re using Performance Edition or Unlimited Edition, you can add up to 99,999 territories to a territory model by contacting Salesforce Customer Support. Requests for more than 20,000 territories per model are subject to approval.
Assignment Rule Allocations
Territories can have up to 15 assignment rules each.
Assigned User Allocation
You can assign up to approximately 1,950 users to a territory via the UI.https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.tm2_allocations.htm&type=5 The Territory Management feature in Salesforce allows you to better organize your sales teams and territories. With this feature, you can create territory models which define the rules for how territories are created and assigned. You can also create assignment rules to automatically assign users to territories based on certain criteria. Territory Model Allocations 4 models in Developers, Performance, and Unlimited. 2 models in Enterprise. Territory Default Allocations By default, each territory model can have up to 1,000 territories. If you’re using Developer Edition or Enterprise Edition, the maximum allocation is 1,000 territories per model. If you’re using Performance Edition or Unlimited Edition, you can add up to 99,999 territories to a territory model by contacting Salesforce Customer Support. Requests for more than 20,000 territories per model are subject to approval. Assignment Rule Allocations Territories can have up to 15 assignment rules each. Assigned User Allocation You can assign up to approximately 1,950 users to a territory via the UI. Use sharing rules to extend sharing access to users in public groups, roles, or territories. Sharing rules give particular users greater access by making automatic exceptions to your org-wide sharing settings. Like role hierarchies, a sharing rule can never be stricter than your org-wide default settings. It simply allows greater access for particular users. You can base a sharing rule on record ownership or other criteria. After you select which records to share, you define which groups or users to extend access to and what level of access they have. https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.security_about_sharing_rules.htm&type=5 There are two types of sharing rules limits per entity (per object). They are as follows: A general sharing rules limit which counts for all sharing rules, including criteria-based. The default limit is 300 and can be increased to a maximum of 500 through a Support case. A separate criteria-based sharing rules limit. The default limit is 50 and can be increased to a maximum of 200 through a Support case. Note: Too many sharing rules can slow down insert and updates. As a best practice, please review the organization's sharing rules to determine if an increase is necessary. https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=000321647&type=1 The Territory Management feature in Salesforce allows you to better organize your sales teams and territories. With this feature, you can create territory models which define the rules for how territories are created and assigned. You can also create assignment rules to automatically assign users to territories based on certain criteria.

User Question:What is the territory nodes limit?


==========

The territory nodes limit is 1,000 territories per model.